updated with fa 19 final projects (#188)
illinois-cs498vr/illinois-cs498vr.github.io: _projects/FA19-60s_Main_Quad.md

---
layout: project
title: 60s Main Quad

> desc: A vritual tour back to 1960s UIUC's main quad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
desc: A virtual tour back to UIUC's main quad in the 1960s.
```
